DataGrid: update comparison information (T890180) (#5112)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/GridBase/1 Configuration/focusedRowEnabled.md

[note] Specify the UI component's [keyExpr](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxDataGrid/1%20Configuration/keyExpr.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/#keyExpr') or the [Store's](/concepts/70%20Data%20Binding/5%20Data%20Layer/1%20Creating%20DataSource/3%20What%20Are%20Stores.md '/Documentation/Guide/Data_Binding/Data_Layer/#Creating_DataSource/What_Are_Stores') **key** property to ensure that the focused row feature works properly.

> DataGrid generates additional requests with comparison operators (for example, `<` and `>`) to calculate the page number where a row with a focused key is located. This logic does not work for certain key types (for example, GUID) and data providers (for example, ODataStore). You need to disable the [autoNavigateToFocusedRow](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#autoNavigateToFocusedRow) property or set [remoteOperations](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/remoteOperations/) to **false** for proper operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DataGrid generates additional requests with comparison operators (for example, `<` and `>`) to calculate the page number where a row with a focused key is located. This logic does not work for certain key types (for example, GUID) and data providers (for example, ODataStore). You need to disable the [autoNavigateToFocusedRow](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#autoNavigateToFocusedRow) property or set [remoteOperations](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/remoteOperations/) to **false** to ensure it operates correctly.
```
